THANK YOU, Little locomotive, you were good and you helped us.
(Music of the Calypso)
The small and brave
locomotive slowly began to drag
to the little train with all its wagons.
All the world
UP, UP, FAST, FAST.
"IF I CAN, IF I CAN, IF I CAN!"
Everything, everyone
YES I CAN
Hands up
The blue locomotive
Until at last they reached the top of the mountain
and they went down to the city very happy where they celebrated all
together and celebrated together with the children of the city.
The locomotive
After so much effort and work
as a team the small blue locomotive IF I COULD.
Now, to finish
we invite you to come with us
to a Great Safari